Who are you?
Tony Stark, the Iron man.Also a visionary, genius, patriot. Even from the early age, the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark quickly stole the spotlight with his brilliant and unique mind.
What have you done in your early age?
At age four, I built my first circuit board. At age six, my first engine. And at 17, I graduated summa cum laude from MIT.
What's your regrets?
My parents died in car accident on Lond Island, the passing of a titan.
What you've done now?
I return to my dad's company. With the keys to the kingdom, I ushered in a new era for my father's legacy, creating smarter weapons, advanced robotics, satellite targeting.
Excuse me, Mr. Stark! I'm Christine Everhart. Can I ask you a couple of questions?
You are cute. Yeah. Okay, go.
You've been called the da Vinci of our time. What do you say to that?
Absolutely ridiculous. I don't paint.
And what do you say to your other nickname? "The Merchant of Death"?
That's not bad. Well, Ms. Everhart, it's an imperfect world, but it's the only one we've got. I guarantee you, the day weapons are no longer needed to keep the peace, I'll start making bricks and beams for baby hospitals.
Rehearse that much?
Every night in front of the mirror before bedtime.
You ever lose an hour of sleep your whole life?
I'd be prepared to lose a few with you.
Your flight was scheduled to leave an hour and a half ago.
Doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
What's wrong with you? For three hours. For three hours you got me standing here.
I got caught doing a piece for Vanity Fair. Wheels up! Rock and roll!
We're not drinking! We're working right now!
You can't have sashimi without sake.
You are constitutionally incapable of being responsible!
It would be irresponsible not to drink. I'm just talking about a nightcap.
Welcome, Mr. Stark. We look forward to your weapons presentation.
They say the best weapon is one you never have to fire. I respectfully disagree. I prefer the weapon you only have to fire once. That's how Dad did it. That's how America does it. And it's worked out pretty well so far. Find an excuse to let one of these off the chain, and I personally guarantee you the bad guys won't even want to come out of their caves.
What is this in your breast?
Originally that is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery, and it's keeping the shrapnel from entering my heart.
Now you are kidnaped. I'm sure the army is looking for you, Stark. But they will never find you in these mountains. Look, what you just saw, that is your legacy, Stark. Your life's work, is in the hands of those murderers. Is that how you want to go out? Is this the last act of defiance of the great Tony Stark? Or are you going to do something about it?
Why should I do anything? They're going to kill me, you, either way. And if they don't, I'll probably be dead in a week.
Well, then, this is a very important week for you, isn't it? Hmm?
True. If this is going to be my work station, I want it well-lit. I want these up.  Who are these people?
They are your loyal customers, sir. What's your idea?
We only got one shot at this.
