Why did you save me?
Is a reason nesessary? I don't know why you would kill someone. But as for saving someone...A logical mind isn't needed, right?
Jimmy?
Yeah?
I most forget to tell you. Happy birthday. I may never have another chance to tell you. So happy birthday.
Just cut one. Cut whichever you like.
But what if I choose the wrong one?
It's too late now, Rachel. We're going to blow up if you don't choose one. So just leave it to fate. Just cut one of them, either one.
But, Jimmy.
Don't be worry, Rachel. I'll be right here. Right here beside you until the end no matter what, I promise. Together until the end.
Jeez. Everybody makes a fuss over you being a great detective. But you are nothing but a deduction freak.
But just look at all these fan latters! Everybody else seems like the fact that I'm a deduction freak.
If you keep snooping around all of those cases, you're gonna wind up in real trouble.
Perhaps.
But why you even become a detective? Since you like mystery novels so much, why don't you aspire to become a novelist like your dad?
I don't want to write stories about detectives. I want to be one. I'll become the 21st century Sherlock Holmes. The more difficult the case the more excited it makes me. The thrill of cornering the perp who's used up all their tricks! The ecstasy! I can't get enough! Once you have a taste, you just can't stop! It's an addiction. See you, Ran!
Uh...wait, Jimmy! You remember the promise you made for tomorrow, right?
What promise?
It was your ides. You said so yourself that you'd take me to Tropical Land if I won the prefecture tournament.
Really? I said that?
Just forget it. I didn't really want to go with you anyway! Go have fun with the girls that write you fan letters!
I was only joking. Come on, please. Don't get mad. I do remember, okay? Tomorrow, 10AM, Tropical Land. There's no way I'd forget.
And don't forget that you promised to pay for everything.
I did promise that, didn't I? Hey, hold on! Wait up, Ran!
What's your idea?
I really don't think that's a good idea. You know there was a murder at this aquarium. Should we really have "Operation: Rekindle Love" here?
I guess not.
Aw bummer. Look, it's starting to rain.
Really? We should run home!
Wait a sec! I thought I told you not to run!
What's wrong with running? No way! What the heck was my cellphone doing inside my hood?
Sorry...I was trying to figure out where the perp had put the cell phone to record the movie. And well... I completely forgot I had put ot there in your hood.
What are you gonna do about it? My dad just got it for me.
No, don't worry. I'll buy you a new one. It will be an even better one, okay?
You suck! Something bad always happens when I spent time with you. When we went to the states, all you did was work on cases there too!
Okay, okay, then...I'll take you somewhere else. How about we go to Tropical Land?
What's Tropical Land? Where is this wonderous dream land?
It's new. I heard they're almost done building it in Tokyo. And I'm sure there won't be any cases getting in the way at an amusement perk, you know?
If you're the one paying for it all then I guess I don't mind going. We should totally go if I win the Tokyo karate tournament. How about it?
Wait the second, I remember you being the runner up last year. And didn't the upperclassman who won the tournament retire from the karate club?
That's the promise, right?
It's not like I get that much allowance, you know?
And if you're gonna buy me a new call phone, make sure to put a Sea Slug Man strap that they sell at Beika Aquarium on it.
Yeah, yeah.
Also...
What? You're telling me there is more?
Well, I guess that's all for now.
What do you find, Jimmy?
This cigarette was found discarded in the street not far from the victim's body. Your son's saliva was found on the filter. Put you at the scene, correct?
Yes.
That makes sense. But judging by its length you must have lit it up just before the accident, is that right?
Yeah, I'm trying to quit. But you know how hard it is.
Use a lighter?
Yes. 
And exactly which lighter did you use?
I believe I used the one in the car.
Right. Would you mind getting into the car imatating exactly how you lit the cigarette? Your carriage awaists, Your Highness. Would you please buckle your seat belt for accuracy's sake?
Sure.
Here, use one of this. They're even your brand. What can I say? I just love little details, you know.
I'll start. 
Stop. From your position in the driver's seat, you've proven that you must extend your left hand to grab the lighter from the dashboard. We check the lighter. Your fingerprints were found but from your right hand. I know it's crazy. Care what to explain?
Wait, I think I used my own lighter.
No. We checked you forgot your lighter at the bar. And your father doesn't smoke. I don't know seems like somebody is not telling the truth. Sorry, you're a good son. But it's clear you were sitting in the passenger's seat beside your father who is driving.
Who else?
The room he was killed in was locked from the inside. The culprit's onlyy entry and escape point was th eopen window but way there storeys up. There aren't prints below from the killer climbing up from the street. Because he entered through a neighboring window in your house. A narrow ledge runs just beneath the closest window. By tiptoeing the long ledge it's a two-meter jump to the balcony window into the room. When the killer crawled out of the first window, he brought with him a rope, which he tied to the ledge before he jumped. He then hooked its other end to the balcony and climbed back across. The banker was known for being paranoid in his business deals. The killer may be arranged the meeting asking the banker to wait for him in the locked room. There is only one person who knows the layout of this house well enough to plan this trap. And that...And that means you, sir!
Jimmy, you're great!
Thanks, Meguire. You count on me for the tough ones. I gotta spread my name as a detective somehow right? That's me, Jimmy Kudo, high school detective.

