Why did you save me?
Is a reason nesessary? I don't know why you would kill someone. But as for saving someone...A logical mind isn't needed, right?
Jimmy?
Yeah?
I most forget to tell you. Happy birthday. I may never have another chance to tell you. So happy birthday.
Just cut one. Cut whichever you like.
But what if I choose the wrong one?
It's too late now, Rachel. We're going to blow up if you don't choose one. So just leave it to fate. Just cut one of them, either one.
But, Jimmy.
Don't be worry, Rachel. I'll be right here. Right here beside you until the end no matter what, I promise. Together until the end.
There's not a mystery in the world that can't be solved!!
A detective who uses his deductive powers to corner a suspect and then does nothing to stop that suspect from committing suicide is no better than a murderer himself.
The only person who can miss a kick from the penalty mark, is the person who has enough courage to kick one.
When Your Hungry That's When Your Brain Starts Working.
A detective risk its life to save others doesn't mean they are nice it means that's there job.
Zero is where everything starts! Nothing would ever be born if we didn't depart from there...and nothing would ever be achieved!
Theres only one truth.
It's always the little things, that we overlook, that are the most important.
There were no footprints below the window, which points to the fect that this was an inside job.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
You're a tough, troublesome case, you know! With all these distracting emotions...Even if I were Holmes it'd still be impossible to figure out! The heart of a woman whom one loves...How can anyone accurately deduce that?
Even if you are facing a bitter aspect of life, drugs and murder are foul without an excuse. Deserve a red card, for a loser.
A trick is nothing but a puzzle mankind came up with. If you use your head, you can uncover the logical answer.
Mysteries are just puzzles created by human mind. If you think them over long enough, you can work out a logical situation. But no matter how many times they try to explain it to me, I can never figure out why one person would kill another. I can understand it in m head but it just doesn't make sense AT ALL.
He is a bad guy but I always like Moriarty. One of the truly greate characters in literature. The confrontation between the two of them at Holmes' house were so cool. During their fight Holmos uttered one of the most brilliant lines I think I've ever read. Do you know what he said to him?
Nope, sure don't.
He said if I could be assured of your destruction, Moriarty. I would, in the interest of the public safety, cheerfully accept my own.